store-gateway: download sparse headers from object store (#10879)
grafana/mimir: CHANGELOG.md

* [CHANGE] Ruler: Remove experimental CLI flag `-ruler-storage.cache.rule-group-enabled` to enable or disable caching the contents of rule groups. Caching rule group contents is now always enabled when a cache is configured for the ruler. #10949
* [ENHANCEMENT] Ingester: Add support for exporting native histogram cost attribution metrics (`cortex_ingester_attributed_active_native_histogram_series` and `cortex_ingester_attributed_active_native_histogram_buckets`) with labels specified by customers to a custom Prometheus registry. #10892

> * [ENHANCEMENT] Store-gateway: Download sparse headers uploaded by compactors. Compactors have to be configured with `-compactor.upload-sparse-index-headers=true` option. #10684

Author: ```suggestion
* [ENHANCEMENT] Store-gateway: Download sparse headers uploaded by compactors. Compactors have to be configured with `-compactor.upload-sparse-index-headers=true` option. #10879
```

* [ENHANCEMENT] All: Add `cortex_client_request_invalid_cluster_validation_labels_total` metrics, that is used by Mimir's gRPC clients to track invalid cluster validations. #10767
* [ENHANCEMENT] Ingester client: Add support to configure cluster validation for ingester clients. Failed cluster validations are tracked by `cortex_client_request_invalid_cluster_validation_labels_total` with label `client=ingester`. #10767
* [ENHANCEMENT] Add experimental metric `cortex_distributor_dropped_native_histograms_total` to measure native histograms silently dropped when native histograms are disabled for a tenant. #10760

> * [ENHANCEMENT] Compactor, store-gateway: Add experimental `-compactor.upload-sparse-index-headers` option. When enabled, the compactor will attempt to upload sparse index headers to object storage. This prevents latency spikes after adding store-gateway replicas. #10684 #10879

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [ENHANCEMENT] Compactor, store-gateway: Add experimental `-compactor.upload-sparse-index-headers` option. When enabled, the compactor attempts to upload sparse index headers to object storage. This prevents latency spikes after adding store-gateway replicas. #10684 #10879
```

Reviewer: We can avoid future tense here.
